Update README.md (#1)
anarnold97/MTA-new: README.md

# MTA Documentation

This repository contains the files for MTA documentation.

> [Windup](https://github.com/windup/windup) is an automated application migration and assessment tool.

Author: ```suggestion
```

> For developer-focused documentation, see the [Windup wiki](https://github.com/windup/windup/wiki).

Author: ```suggestion
For developer-focused documentation, see the [MTA wiki](https://developers.redhat.com/products/mta/overview).
```

## Reporting a documentation bug

> To report an MTA documentation issue, submit a Jira issue on the [Windup project page]]{JiraWindupURL} with the *Component* field set to *Documentation*.

Author: ```suggestion
To report an MTA documentation issue, submit a Jira issue on the [MTA project page](https://issues.redhat.com/projects/MTA/issues) with the *Component* field set to *Documentation*.
```
